Webpages:

    Webpages should introduce the product resulting from the graduation project and shows the stage of this product when the project is completed. The project webpage should be self-explanatory. To ensure this, you are expected to cover certain requirements in terms of content and visuality:
    Only a few sentences is not acceptable. You should clearly describe your product. This does not imply that you should add long descriptions. Support your claims with visuals. In addition, there should be some technical content. When a computer engineer visits your page, he/she should understand the end-product and the effort you put in the project. Again some (critical) details about the project would be sufficient, we do not ask you to add details from your documents.
    Design/visual professionality (quality and clarity) criteria: Your webpage should be developed in accordance with modern web design trends. In addition to the aesthetic evaluation (e.g. minimalism, white space, bold fonts, tonality, dynamic scrolling, playful cursors, animations, ease of navigation etc), the web page will also be checked in terms of responsiveness and page load speed. The page content should be clear, concise, original and accurate and there should be no spelling, grammatical errors or dead links on the web page. Furthermore, it is suggested to try to use contemporary web technologies. For detailed information and examples on modern web design trends, please visit websites [1] and [2]. For some useful front-end framework suggestions, you might have a look at blog pages [3] and [4].
    In addition, please note that web-pages should be set up in a departmental account and not in a remote host. For each project, a dedicated folder is created under the following directory: /depo/web490/2025/<YourProjectAcronym>  . It is viewed from the following address: https://senior.ceng.metu.edu.tr/2025/<YourProjectAcronym>/   . Each group member should be able to reach there. Please check and report to me if there is a problem.
    You might have additional content such as YouTube videos or animations, and you can embed those content in your webpages, too. However, all other content must reside in the departmental website. You can add more than one video. 
    You can use a ready-made website template.
